What services do you offer?
Services we offer a variety of beauty services in our stores. Our menu varies by location. Please visit www.emelie.com/happening to see what’s available in your local store.

How should I prepare for my appointment?
how do i prepare for my services, For makeup services, think about what type of look you want to achieve and/or the color palette, brands or products you want your Beauty Advisor to use. You may bring inspiration photos to your appointment.
For skincare services, think about your skincare goals and what you want to focus on during your appointment.
For Waxing services, you can also provide a photo of your preferred brow shape.
For all services, arriving with a clean face (no makeup) is preferred but not required.

What age do I need to be to receive a beauty service?
Clients who are under 12 years old cannot receive waxing services. There are no age limits receiving Makeup and Skincare services.

How will I connect for my Virtual Consultation Service?
A Zoom link will be sent to you in your confirmation email.

Who will do my service?
All of our services are performed by specially trained Beauty Advisors.
For Makeup services, our Makeup Artists also hold a cosmetology or esthetician license, if required by the state in which they practice.
For Skincare and Waxing services, all of our Beauty Advisors hold either a cosmetology or esthetician license, based on the state in which they practice.

What do I do when I arrive for my service?
When you arrive in the store, head to the Beauty or Skincare Studio area to check in or ask any Beauty Advisor.
Prior to beginning your service, the Beauty Advisor will take you through a pre-screening safety questionnaire.
You will be asked to review and sign a digital waiver (legal guardian must complete waiver on behalf of a minor).

What do I do if I am unhappy with my service/look?
If you are unsatisfied with your service, we want to know! If you are in the store, ask for a manager. They can help address your concerns in the moment.
If you have left the store already, please reach out to our client service department at 1-111-7111-1111 as soon as possible.

Do all stores offer services?
Beauty services are available in most stores in accordance with state and local ordinances. Please check emelie.com for availability in your store.
Please see our updated hygiene standards under “Hygiene & Safety Questions”.
We regret that beauty services are not available at Emelie at Kohl's locations.

How do I book an appointment?
The best way to book an appointment is by visiting Emelie.com/happening or within the Emelie app (by selecting the Stores tab). Additionally, you may call or visit the store to schedule.
Our online booking opens 30 days in advance. If you need an appointment outside of that window, please contact your store directly to inquire.